# Terms of Service
Last revised on `2021-12-30`

## Your Agreement with *Book of Mormon Online*

Your use of the *Book of Mormon Online* service is governed by this agreement (the "Terms"). "*Book of Mormon Online*" means *Book of Mormon Online* Inc. The "Service" means the services *Book of Mormon Online* makes available include our web sites , our blog, our API, and any other software, sites, and services offered by *Book of Mormon Online* in connection to any of those. "Customer Source Code" means any source code you submit to *Book of Mormon Online* for the purpose of using the Service. "Content" means all content generated by *Book of Mormon Online* on your behalf (including metric data) and does not include Customer Source Code.

In order to use the Service, You (the "Customer", "You", or "Your") must first agree to the Terms. You understand and agree that *Book of Mormon Online* will treat Your use of the Service as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.

*Book of Mormon Online* may make changes to the Terms from time to time. You may reject the changes by terminating Your account. You understand and agree that if You use the Service after the date on which the Terms have changed, *Book of Mormon Online* will treat Your use as acceptance of the updated Terms.

If you have any question about the Terms, please contact us at mail@bookofmormononline.net.

## Your Account

You may not use the Service if You are a person barred from receiving the Service under the laws of the United States or other countries, including the country in which You are resident or from which You use the Service.

 - You may not use the service unless you are over the age of 13, or supervised by a guardian.
 - You must be a human. Account created by automated methods are not permitted.

### Use of the Service

* You must provide accurate and complete registration information any time You register to use the Service.
* You are responsible for the security of Your passwords and for any use of Your account.
* Your use of the Service must comply with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
* You agree to not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Service.

*Book of Mormon Online* reserves the right to enforce quotas and usage limits (to any resources, including the API) at its sole discretion, with or without notice, which may result in *Book of Mormon Online* disabling or throttling your usage of the Service for any amount of time.

## Service Policies and Privacy

The Service shall be subject to the privacy policy for the Service available at privacy policy. You agree to the use of Your data in accordance with *Book of Mormon Online*'s privacy policies.

## Moderation Rules

*Book of Mormon Online* reserves the right to edit or remove any content submitted by a user. This can include, but not be limited to:

-   Personal attacks on other participants or staff
-   Personal information about any of the participants or staff
-   Offensive language including profanity
-   Comments that are discriminatory of people’s gender, race, religion, culture, sexual preference, appearance or background
-   Links to any advertising or illegal material
-   Spamming of comments

**Participation Guidelines**

-   Contribute constructive discussions and comments while respecting the views of other people
-   Only post content that suitable for anyone (including young children) to view
-   Ensure you have received permission to post any images or intellectual property of third parties
-   Do not spam either by posting irrelevant websites or by re-posting your comment
-   Avoid rude and dismissive comments
- Don’t complain about the moderation on the site, you can always direct an email to us if you are unhappy at  mail@bookofmormononline.net.

## Modification of the Service

You acknowledge and agree that the Service may change from time to time without prior notice to You.

Changes include, without limitation, changes to fee and payment policies, security patches, added or removed functionality, and other enhancements or restrictions.

*Book of Mormon Online* shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

## External Resources

The Services may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content or resources or email content. You acknowledge and agree that *Book of Mormon Online* is not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such web sites or resources.

## License from *Book of Mormon Online* and Restrictions

*Book of Mormon Online* gives You a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to You by *Book of Mormon Online* as part of the Service as provided to You by *Book of Mormon Online*. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling You to use and enjoy the benefit of the Service as provided by *Book of Mormon Online*, in the manner permitted by the Terms.

You may not (and You may not permit anyone else to): (a) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the Service or any part thereof, unless this is expressly permitted or required by law, or unless You have been specifically told that You may do so by *Book of Mormon Online*, in writing (e.g., through an open source software license); or (b) attempt to disable or circumvent any security mechanisms used by the Service.

Open source software licenses for components of the Service released under an open source license constitute separate written agreements. To the limited extent that the open source software licenses expressly supersede these Terms, the open source licenses govern Your agreement with *Book of Mormon Online* for the use of the components of the Service released under an open source license.

## Fair Use Disclaimer

Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for “fair use” for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, education and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. 

*Book of Mormon Online* includes limited excerpts of commercially published works in accordance with fair use guidelines.  Such inclusions may not be redistributed or repurposed by any means, for any reason, or at any time.

## Exclusion of warranties

You expressly understand and agree that your use of the service is at your sole risk and that the service is provided "as is" and "as available.".

You agree that *Book of Mormon Online* has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Content and other communications maintained or transmitted through use of the Service. You further acknowledge that You are solely responsible for securing and backing up Customer Source Code.

*Book of Mormon Online* does not warrant to you that: (a) your use of the service will meet your requirements, (b) your use of the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error, (c) the results or data provided by the Service will be accurate, (d) the quality of the service will meet your expectations and (e) any errors in the Service will be fixed.

### Limitation of liability

You expressly understand and agree that *Book of Mormon Online*, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and its licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special consequential or exemplary damages which may be incurred by you, however caused and under any theory of liability. This shall include, but not be limited to, any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly), any loss of goodwill or business reputation, any loss of data suffered, cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, or other intangible loss (whether or not *Book of Mormon Online* has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising).

## Indemnification

You agree to hold harmless and indemnify *Book of Mormon Online*, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, licensors, suppliers or partners (collectively "*Book of Mormon Online* and Partners") from and against any third party claim arising from or in any way related to (a) Your breach of the Terms, (b) Your use of the Service, (c) Your violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with the Service, or (d) Your Customer Source Code, including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys' fees, of every kind and nature. In such a case, *Book of Mormon Online* will provide You with written notice of such claim, suit or action.

## General Legal Terms

The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between You and *Book of Mormon Online* and govern Your use of the Service and completely replace any prior agreements between You and *Book of Mormon Online* in relation to the Service.

You agree that if *Book of Mormon Online* does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which *Book of Mormon Online* has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of *Book of Mormon Online*'s rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to *Book of Mormon Online*.

*Book of Mormon Online* shall not be liable for failing or delaying performance of its obligations resulting from any condition beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to, governmental action, acts of terrorism, earthquake, fire, flood or other acts of God, labor conditions, power failures, and Internet disturbances.